# The road map of this book

A live image, also known as a live CD or live DVD, is a complete,
bootable computer installation including an operating system that runs
directly from a CD/DVD or USB flash drive, rather than from a hard disk
drive. It allows users to run an operating system for any purpose
without installing it or making any changes to the computer\'s
configuration. The key point here is that this live image is created
without including any personal data. This means that the image does not
contain any user-specific information like usernames, passwords, or
files. This is important for privacy and security reasons, as it ensures
that sensitive user information is not accidentally exposed or accessed
when the live image is used on other computers. The process of creating
such a live image involves several steps, which might include
configuring the operating system, installing the necessary software,
setting up user accounts, and then creating an image of the system that
can be burned to a CD/DVD or written to a USB flash drive. This image
can then be used to boot up and run the operating system on any
compatible computer, without needing to install anything on the
computer\'s hard drive**.**

**Here\'s an overview of the process:**

1)  Selecting a Linux Distribution: Choose a Linux distribution that
    supports creating live images. Popular choices include Debian,
    Ubuntu, Fedora and Arch**.**

2)  Preparing the System: Ensure that the system you\'re using to create
    the live image is up to date and free from any personal or sensitive
    data**.** It\'s recommended to use a clean environment or a virtual
    machine for this purpose**.**

3)  Installing Required Tools: Install the necessary tools for creating
    the live image**.** This may include packages
    like live**-**build, livecd**-**tools, or distribution**-**specific
    tools like Ubuntu Customization Kit for Ubuntu**-**based
    distributions**.** Refer to the documentation of your chosen
    distribution for specific instructions**.**

4)  Customizing the System: Customize the system by installing or
    removing packages, configuring settings, and applying any desired
    changes**.** This step allows you to create a tailored experience
    for users of the live image**.**

5)  Cleaning Personal Data: Remove any personal data and sensitive
    information from the system**.** This includes clearing browser
    history, deleting user accounts, removing personal files, and
    clearing system logs**.** Pay attention to directories
    like **/**home and **/**var**/**log that may contain
    user**-**specific data**.**

6)  Creating the Live Image: Use the appropriate tool or command
    provided by your chosen distribution to create the live image**.**
    This typically involves specifying the source system, desired
    configurations, and output format **(**ISO, USB, etc**.).** The
    process may take some time, depending on the size and complexity of
    the system**.**

7)  Testing the Live Image: Once the image creation process is complete,
    test the live image by booting it on different computers**.** Ensure
    that the system boots successfully and that all desired
    customizations and configurations are present**.**

8)  Distributing the Live Image: If the live image meets your
    requirements, you can distribute it to others**.** Make the image
    available for download or share it on physical media like USB drives
    or DVDs**.** Provide clear instructions on how to use the live image
    and any additional information users might need**.**

Remember, creating a live image without personal data requires careful
attention to detail and following security best practices**.** Always
double**-**check the image to ensure that no personal data is included
before distributing it to others**.**

![](media/image5.jpg){width="7.103583770778653in"
height="9.05511811023622in"}
